So at this point you may be wondering if there are two different ways to declare a variable using either
let or cons.
Then when do I make a variable.
And when do I declare a concert variable.
Well first let's talk about the similarities between them.
First similarity would be that if you have a block scope the block scoping rules explain to you before
with LET also applies to conc So if I did something like Konst and then maybe tax rate like so and then
set it to I don't know let's say point nine.
And then after that I tried to access it.
If I put it in a block scope you're going to see that this is going to be unavailable to me inside of
the global scope.
So now if I do cancel that log and then tax rate like so it's not helping me out tax rate.
There we go.
You're going to see that once again it's not available and it's going to say that it's not defined because
it's in the global scope.
So they're similar to each other in that way.
And another way that they're similar to each other is you can't really do read declarations with Konst
either.
So if I do something like for example var name equals Andrew and then we'll do let this time age equals
ninety nine.
And then I try to do a concert name of John and a Konst age of 54.
This is going to throw errors because once again these have already been declared.
So those are the things that they have in common.
The big difference between a variable and a variable is that whenever you're using a console variable
you cannot reassign the value.
So in other words once you said it cannot be changed.
So if I did once again conc name said it's Andrew and then tried to override what I originally assigned
going to throw an error but if I just change this to let us see that it will let me assign a new value.
So now when I do a console log name it's just going to print out John.
So that's the big difference with the variable you can continue to change the data inside of the variable
or the data that the variable references.
You could also change the data type but with Konst things are constant.
So in other words that data that value is set in place.